this my friend is a fool's gold
sandwich how you know would you think
that I'm gonna go I think that doesn't
look as bad as I thought
right everyone remember he had two of
those yeah and III shouldn't go still
hungry
this was what Elvis Presley had every
night at 10:00 p.m. on each of these is
a jar of peanut butter a jar of
strawberry jam a pound of fried bacon on
a loaf of bread that has to be hollowed
out in order to take all of that would
anyone like to try it yeah yeah why not
let anyone else think that doesn't look
as bad as you hate you just say thank
God cause I just thought I'm turning
into Elvis without any of the talent or
the jock suits wrong with one jump so
again if you had someone from like one
of those dogs we have to count points a
calculator would explode you be you
would have the scientists going we
actually don't have a number that day
can you at least oh my god that's on no
what
there's a quarter of all Elvis it all
the door can be Elvis god
I don't believe you just did that it is
it's weird it's weird because yeah thank
you
knowledge and gals in love yet strangely
alluring look I go to need a whole one
it's the ditch the combination of the
bacon in the jam really mmm I feel like
I'm on iron are you definitely not
on The Biggest Loser